
reading work file Checks.mi...
	scanning Checks.mi
	parsing Checks.mi
generating import closure...
	scanning Checks.md
	parsing Checks.md
	scanning IO.md
	parsing IO.md
	scanning System.md
	parsing System.md

reading work file DynArray.mi...
	scanning DynArray.mi
	parsing DynArray.mi
generating import closure...
	scanning DynArray.md
	parsing DynArray.md
	scanning General.md
	parsing General.md
	scanning Memory.md
	parsing Memory.md

reading work file DynArrDrv.mi...
	scanning DynArrDrv.mi
	parsing DynArrDrv.mi
generating import closure...

reading work file Errors.mi...
	scanning Errors.mi
	parsing Errors.mi
generating import closure...
	scanning Errors.md
	parsing Errors.md
	scanning Positions.md
	parsing Positions.md
	scanning Strings.md
	parsing Strings.md
	scanning StringMem.md
	parsing StringMem.md
	scanning Idents.md
	parsing Idents.md
	scanning Sets.md
	parsing Sets.md
	scanning Sort.md
	parsing Sort.md

reading work file force.mi...
	scanning force.mi
	parsing force.mi
generating import closure...
	scanning Arguments.md
	parsing Arguments.md
	scanning Heap.md
	parsing Heap.md
	scanning Layout.md
	parsing Layout.md
	scanning Lists.md
	parsing Lists.md
	scanning Relations.md
	parsing Relations.md
	scanning SetsC.md
	parsing SetsC.md
	scanning Source.md
	parsing Source.md
	scanning StdIO.md
	parsing StdIO.md
	scanning Texts.md
	parsing Texts.md
	scanning Times.md
	parsing Times.md

reading work file General.mi...
	scanning General.mi
	parsing General.mi
generating import closure...

reading work file Heap.mi...
	scanning Heap.mi
	parsing Heap.mi
generating import closure...

reading work file Idents.mi...
	scanning Idents.mi
	parsing Idents.mi
generating import closure...

reading work file IODrv.mi...
	scanning IODrv.mi
	parsing IODrv.mi
generating import closure...

reading work file IO.mi...
	scanning IO.mi
	parsing IO.mi
generating import closure...

reading work file Layout.mi...
	scanning Layout.mi
	parsing Layout.mi
generating import closure...

reading work file Lists.mi...
	scanning Lists.mi
	parsing Lists.mi
generating import closure...

reading work file Main.mi...
	scanning Main.mi
	parsing Main.mi
generating import closure...

reading work file MemoryDrv.mi...
	scanning MemoryDrv.mi
	parsing MemoryDrv.mi
generating import closure...

reading work file Memory.mi...
	scanning Memory.mi
	parsing Memory.mi
generating import closure...

reading work file Positions.mi...
	scanning Positions.mi
	parsing Positions.mi
generating import closure...

reading work file Relations.mi...
	scanning Relations.mi
	parsing Relations.mi
generating import closure...

reading work file RelDrv.mi...
	scanning RelDrv.mi
	parsing RelDrv.mi
generating import closure...

reading work file SetsC.mi...
	scanning SetsC.mi
	parsing SetsC.mi
generating import closure...

reading work file SetsDrv.mi...
	scanning SetsDrv.mi
	parsing SetsDrv.mi
generating import closure...

reading work file Sets.mi...
	scanning Sets.mi
	parsing Sets.mi
generating import closure...

reading work file Sort.mi...
	scanning Sort.mi
	parsing Sort.mi
generating import closure...

reading work file Source.mi...
	scanning Source.mi
	parsing Source.mi
generating import closure...

reading work file StdIO.mi...
	scanning StdIO.mi
	parsing StdIO.mi
generating import closure...

reading work file StringMem.mi...
	scanning StringMem.mi
	parsing StringMem.mi
generating import closure...

reading work file Strings.mi...
	scanning Strings.mi
	parsing Strings.mi
generating import closure...

reading work file SysIODrv.mi...
	scanning SysIODrv.mi
	parsing SysIODrv.mi
generating import closure...

reading work file Texts.mi...
	scanning Texts.mi
	parsing Texts.mi
generating import closure...

reading work file Times.mi...
	scanning Times.mi
	parsing Times.mi
generating import closure...

linking identifiers...
	linking identifiers of file Checks.md
	linking identifiers of file System.md
m2tom3 warning: unable to find interface for import 'SYSTEM' in line 37
	linking identifiers of file IO.md
m2tom3 warning: unable to find interface for import 'SYSTEM' in line 35
	linking identifiers of file Checks.mi
	linking identifiers of file DynArray.md
m2tom3 warning: unable to find interface for import 'SYSTEM' in line 16
	linking identifiers of file General.md
	linking identifiers of file Memory.md
m2tom3 warning: unable to find interface for import 'SYSTEM' in line 19
	linking identifiers of file DynArray.mi
m2tom3 warning: unable to find interface for import 'SYSTEM' in line 35
	linking identifiers of file DynArrDrv.mi
m2tom3 warning: unable to find interface for import 'SYSTEM' in line 18
	linking identifiers of file Positions.md
	linking identifiers of file Strings.md
	linking identifiers of file Errors.md
m2tom3 warning: unable to find interface for import 'SYSTEM' in line 17
	linking identifiers of file StringMem.md
	linking identifiers of file Idents.md
	linking identifiers of file Sets.md
	linking identifiers of file Sort.md
	linking identifiers of file Errors.mi
m2tom3 warning: unable to find interface for import 'SYSTEM' in line 21
	linking identifiers of file Arguments.md
	linking identifiers of file Heap.md
m2tom3 warning: unable to find interface for import 'SYSTEM' in line 19
	linking identifiers of file Layout.md
	linking identifiers of file Lists.md
m2tom3 warning: unable to find interface for import 'SYSTEM' in line 16
	linking identifiers of file Relations.md
	linking identifiers of file SetsC.md
	linking identifiers of file Source.md
m2tom3 warning: unable to find interface for import 'SYSTEM' in line 13
	linking identifiers of file StdIO.md
m2tom3 warning: unable to find interface for import 'SYSTEM' in line 22
	linking identifiers of file Texts.md
	linking identifiers of file Times.md
	linking identifiers of file force.mi
	linking identifiers of file General.mi
m2tom3 warning: unable to find interface for import 'SYSTEM' in line 30
	linking identifiers of file Heap.mi
m2tom3 warning: unable to find interface for import 'SYSTEM' in line 31
	linking identifiers of file Idents.mi
m2tom3 warning: unable to find interface for import 'SYSTEM' in line 41
	linking identifiers of file IODrv.mi
m2tom3 warning: unable to find interface for import 'SYSTEM' in line 19
	linking identifiers of file IO.mi
m2tom3 warning: unable to find interface for import 'SYSTEM' in line 44
	linking identifiers of file Layout.mi
	linking identifiers of file Lists.mi
m2tom3 warning: unable to find interface for import 'SYSTEM' in line 19
	linking identifiers of file Main.mi
	linking identifiers of file MemoryDrv.mi
m2tom3 warning: unable to find interface for import 'SYSTEM' in line 19
	linking identifiers of file Memory.mi
m2tom3 warning: unable to find interface for import 'SYSTEM' in line 40
	linking identifiers of file Positions.mi
	linking identifiers of file Relations.mi
m2tom3 warning: unable to find interface for import 'SYSTEM' in line 30
	linking identifiers of file RelDrv.mi
	linking identifiers of file SetsC.mi
	linking identifiers of file SetsDrv.mi
	linking identifiers of file Sets.mi
m2tom3 warning: unable to find interface for import 'SYSTEM' in line 39
	linking identifiers of file Sort.mi
	linking identifiers of file Source.mi
m2tom3 warning: unable to find interface for import 'SYSTEM' in line 13
	linking identifiers of file StdIO.mi
m2tom3 warning: unable to find interface for import 'SYSTEM' in line 22
	linking identifiers of file StringMem.mi
m2tom3 warning: unable to find interface for import 'SYSTEM' in line 29
	linking identifiers of file Strings.mi
	linking identifiers of file SysIODrv.mi
m2tom3 warning: unable to find interface for import 'SYSTEM' in line 19
	linking identifiers of file Texts.mi
m2tom3 warning: unable to find interface for import 'SYSTEM' in line 19
	linking identifiers of file Times.mi

linking parameters...

generating Modula-3 source...
	transforming file Checks.mi
	transforming file Checks.md
	transforming file IO.md
	transforming file System.md
	transforming file DynArray.mi
	transforming file DynArray.md
	transforming file General.md
	transforming file Memory.md
	transforming file DynArrDrv.mi
	transforming file Errors.mi
m2tom3 warning: application of variant field, possible cast of 'InfoClass' in line 239
m2tom3 warning: application of variant field, possible cast of 'InfoClass' in line 193
m2tom3 warning: application of variant field, possible cast of 'InfoClass' in line 208
m2tom3 warning: application of variant field, possible cast of 'InfoClass' in line 238
m2tom3 warning: application of variant field, possible cast of 'InfoClass' in line 248
m2tom3 warning: application of variant field, possible cast of 'InfoClass' in line 261
m2tom3 warning: application of variant field, possible cast of 'vInteger' in line 194
m2tom3 warning: application of variant field, possible cast of 'vInteger' in line 240
m2tom3 warning: application of variant field, possible cast of 'vShort' in line 195
m2tom3 warning: application of variant field, possible cast of 'vShort' in line 241
m2tom3 warning: application of variant field, possible cast of 'vLong' in line 196
m2tom3 warning: application of variant field, possible cast of 'vLong' in line 242
m2tom3 warning: application of variant field, possible cast of 'vReal' in line 197
m2tom3 warning: application of variant field, possible cast of 'vReal' in line 243
m2tom3 warning: application of variant field, possible cast of 'vBoolean' in line 198
m2tom3 warning: application of variant field, possible cast of 'vBoolean' in line 244
m2tom3 warning: application of variant field, possible cast of 'vCharacter' in line 199
m2tom3 warning: application of variant field, possible cast of 'vCharacter' in line 245
m2tom3 warning: application of variant field, possible cast of 'vString' in line 200
m2tom3 warning: application of variant field, possible cast of 'vString' in line 246
m2tom3 warning: application of variant field, possible cast of 'vArray' in line 248
m2tom3 warning: application of variant field, possible cast of 'vSet' in line 201
m2tom3 warning: application of variant field, possible cast of 'vSet' in line 249
m2tom3 warning: application of variant field, possible cast of 'vSet' in line 250
m2tom3 warning: application of variant field, possible cast of 'vSet' in line 251
m2tom3 warning: application of variant field, possible cast of 'vIdent' in line 202
m2tom3 warning: application of variant field, possible cast of 'vIdent' in line 252
	transforming file Errors.md
	transforming file Positions.md
	transforming file Strings.md
	transforming file StringMem.md
	transforming file Idents.md
	transforming file Sets.md
	transforming file Sort.md
	transforming file force.mi
	transforming file Arguments.md
	transforming file Heap.md
	transforming file Layout.md
	transforming file Lists.md
	transforming file Relations.md
	transforming file SetsC.md
	transforming file Source.md
	transforming file StdIO.md
	transforming file Texts.md
	transforming file Times.md
	transforming file General.mi
m2tom3 warning: unhandled ADR parameter 'longreal' in line 147
	transforming file Heap.mi
m2tom3 warning: unhandled ADR parameter 'ADR' in line 64
	transforming file Idents.mi
	transforming file IODrv.mi
	transforming file IO.mi
m2tom3 warning: unhandled ADR parameter 'ADR' in line 84
m2tom3 warning: unhandled ADR parameter 'ADR' in line 396
	transforming file Layout.mi
	transforming file Lists.mi
	transforming file Main.mi
	transforming file MemoryDrv.mi
	transforming file Memory.mi
m2tom3 warning: unhandled ADR parameter 'ADR' in line 116
	transforming file Positions.mi
	transforming file Relations.mi
	transforming file RelDrv.mi
	transforming file SetsC.mi
	transforming file SetsDrv.mi
	transforming file Sets.mi
	transforming file Sort.mi
	transforming file Source.mi
	transforming file StdIO.mi
	transforming file StringMem.mi
	transforming file Strings.mi
	transforming file SysIODrv.mi
	transforming file Texts.mi
	transforming file Times.mi

saving generated source...
	writing Modula-3 file ../m3src/Checks.m3
	writing Modula-3 file ../m3src/DynArray.m3
	writing Modula-3 file ../m3src/DynArrDrv.m3
	writing Modula-3 file ../m3src/Errors.m3
	writing Modula-3 file ../m3src/force.m3
	writing Modula-3 file ../m3src/General.m3
	writing Modula-3 file ../m3src/Heap.m3
	writing Modula-3 file ../m3src/Idents.m3
	writing Modula-3 file ../m3src/IODrv.m3
	writing Modula-3 file ../m3src/IO.m3
	writing Modula-3 file ../m3src/Layout.m3
	writing Modula-3 file ../m3src/Lists.m3
	writing Modula-3 file ../m3src/Main.m3
	writing Modula-3 file ../m3src/MemoryDrv.m3
	writing Modula-3 file ../m3src/Memory.m3
	writing Modula-3 file ../m3src/Positions.m3
	writing Modula-3 file ../m3src/Relations.m3
	writing Modula-3 file ../m3src/RelDrv.m3
	writing Modula-3 file ../m3src/SetsC.m3
	writing Modula-3 file ../m3src/SetsDrv.m3
	writing Modula-3 file ../m3src/Sets.m3
	writing Modula-3 file ../m3src/Sort.m3
	writing Modula-3 file ../m3src/Source.m3
	writing Modula-3 file ../m3src/StdIO.m3
	writing Modula-3 file ../m3src/StringMem.m3
	writing Modula-3 file ../m3src/Strings.m3
	writing Modula-3 file ../m3src/SysIODrv.m3
	writing Modula-3 file ../m3src/Texts.m3
	writing Modula-3 file ../m3src/Times.m3
